feat: allow hook type to be extended by ambient types (#87)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: docs/src/content/docs/core/define-integration.mdx

- Calling `createResolver`
- Save the `config` from `astro:config:done` to be used in later hooks

It needs to return Astro hooks.

## Using non-built-in Astro hooks

> Some official Astro tools, like [`@astrojs/db`](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/db/), define new integration hooks that are not built into Astro core. AIK, by default, don't integrate with those hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some official Astro integrations, like [`@astrojs/db`](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/db/), define new integration hooks that are not built into Astro core. Astro Integration Kit does not integrate with those hooks by default as they are optional.
```

> 

Reviewer: Might be worth having a heading here so we can easily link people to the specific `db` section.

`### @astrojs/db`

If you want to use those hooks on your integration, you can import that extra behavior when defining your integration:

```ts title="my-integration/index.ts" ins={2,8-10}
import { defineIntegration } from "astro-integration-kit";
import "astro-integration-kit/extras/db";

export default defineIntegration({
    // ...
    setup() {
        return {

>             "astro:db:setup": ({extendDb}) => {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            "astro:db:setup": ({ extendDb }) => {
```
